# Shhh Terms of Service

The following terms and conditions govern all use of the Shhh website and all content, services and products available at or through the website. The Website is owned and operated by Cloud People LLC. The Website is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies (including, without limitation, [our Privacy Policy](https://shhh.link/privacy)) and procedures that may be published from time to time on this Site by Cloud People LLC (collectively, the &quot;Agreement&quot;).

Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Website. By accessing or using any part of the web site, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the Website or use any services. If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by Cloud People LLC, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms. The Website is available only to individuals who are at least 13 years old.

1. **Your Shhh Access.**  If you send an encrypted message via the service, you are responsible for maintaining the security of the link and passphrase. Cloud People LLC has no knowledge of the content of encrypted messages and has no  way to  decrypt them. Cloud People LLC will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
      - the Encrypted Message does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive content;
      - the Encrypted Message is not spam, is not machine- or randomly-generated, and does not contain unethical or unwanted commercial content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing);
      - Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, Cloud People LLC has the right (though not the obligation) to, in Cloud People LLC&#39;s sole discretion (i) refuse or remove any content that, in Cloud People LLC's reasonable opinion, violates any Cloud People LLC policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or deny access to and use of the Website to any individual or entity for any reason, in Cloud People LLC&#39;s&#39; sole discretion. Cloud People LLC will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.
2. **Responsibility of Website Visitors.**  Cloud People LLC has not reviewed, and cannot review, material shared in encrypted messages, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material&#39;s content, use or effects. By operating the Website, Cloud People LLC does not represent or imply that it endorses the material shared in encrypted messages, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. The Website and encryptped  messages may contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. The Website and  encrypted messages may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated. Cloud People LLC disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the Website, or from any downloading by those visitors of content in encrypted messages.
3. **Content Posted on Other Websites.**  We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which Shhh links, and that link to Shhh. Cloud People LLC does not have any control over those websites and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a website or webpage, Cloud People LLC does not represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. Cloud People LLC disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of websites and webpages.
4. **Intellectual Property.**  This Agreement does not transfer from Cloud People LLC to you any Cloud People LLC or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Cloud People LLC. Cloud People LLC and Shhh, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with Shhh, or the Website are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cloud People LLC or Cloud People LLC&#39;s licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Cloud People LLC or third-party trademarks.
5. **Changes. ** Cloud People LLC reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. Cloud People LLC may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the Website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
6. **Termination. ** Cloud People LLC may terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement you may simply discontinue using the Website. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
7. **Disclaimer of Warranties.**  The Website is provided &quot;as is&quot;. Cloud People LLC and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither Cloud People LLC nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that the Website will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Website at your own discretion and risk.
8. **Limitation of Liability.**  In no event will Cloud People LLC, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement for substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption or unintended release of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you to Cloud People LLC under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of action. Cloud People LLC shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
9.  **General Representation and Warranty.**  You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Website will be in strict accordance with the Cloud People LLC Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.
10. **Indemnification.**  You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Cloud People LLC, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys&#39; fees, arising out of your use of the Website, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement.
11. **Miscellaneous.**  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Cloud People LLC and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of Cloud People LLC, or by the posting by Cloud People LLC of a revised version. Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of the Website will be governed by the laws of the state of Colorado, U.S.A. Except for claims for injunctive or equitable relief or claims regarding intellectual property rights (which may be brought in any competent court without the posting of a bond), any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be finally settled in accordance with the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service, Inc. (&quot;JAMS&quot;) by three arbitrators appointed in accordance with such Rules. The arbitration shall take place in Boulder, CO, in the English language and the arbitral decision may be enforced in any court. The prevailing party in any action or proceeding to enforce this Agreement shall be entitled to costs and attorneys&#39; fees. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties&#39; original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions; Cloud People LLC may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.